Shit!
You saved me.
Thank you.
You don't know who I am. do you?
So. put your hands
together for my good friend.
businessman. terrible
golfer... Even worse swimmer...
The groom.
You don't have to do this.
No. it's fine.
Yeah.
So... hello.
Quite a day.
Thank you to everyone
for joining Monica and me
on this amazing day.
We keep so many things hidden...
Don't we?
I mean. there's so many things we...
We just Bury.
And we think it's the right thing to do.
You know. we think that
if all our secrets came out.
our lives would be ruined.
Ha!
Like they protect us. Well. they don't.
They imprison us. they stop us...
From being who we could be...
And I can't live like that anymore.
So. from now on...
No more secrets.
The best part of my job is
giving people their first homes.
Newly-weds or. you know.
maybe they've just had a baby.
Handing them the keys and
seeing their faces light up.
I remember renting.
Yeah. well. I lost half of my deposit
because there was limescale on a tap.
I put a picture up in the bedroom.
You should have gone to court.
No. yeah.
Sure. yeah. with all the
spare money I had after paying
the landlord's mortgage for a year.
Anyway. you know. the
lettings agent sided with him.
That only happens if the tenant
breaks a clause in the contract.
Yeah. I mean. I'd occupied the
property. I'd breathed in and out.
Someone else's property.
It belonged to someone else.
Sorry if that comes as a shock to you.
No. my job brings me
into lots of people's homes.
I've seen rented flats with no
heating. broken windows. mould.
They didn't view it before they moved in.
It's not as simple as that.
It kind of is.
Tony?
Thank you. It was really lovely.
How was your linguine?
It was a lot like carbonara.
You should've said. I ordered carbonara.
Thank you.
If they'd brought me the wrong
meal. why wouldn't I just say?
Well. I don't know. If you
didn't want to appear difficult.
Difficult?
Difficult was not the right word.
Getting the meal I
ordered... Is not being difficult.
Let me walk you to your car.
Sure.
Or we could not.
Yeah... yeah. that would also work.
Good luck.
That was genuinely painful.
You heard all that? I only
caught the death rattle.
but every inch of me is clenched.
She was kind of a dick. though.
Thank you.
Wasn't she?
To be fair... You were too.
You see. now you're being ridiculous.
At least I'm not being "difficult".
Yeah. I actually said that. didn't I?
It's nice that she wished you
good luck. though. All the best dates
end with one person wishing
the other one good luck.
You'd think it would
come up in more ballads.
So. does whoever pulls
out the knife become...
King of Jersey?
Shut up. Michael!
Well. what do we do?
You're the bloody policeman.
do we call someone?
Ian!
Why are you in Jersey?
Why am I in Jersey?
I came to see my mum.
I'm trying to rebuild some Bridges.
But I backed out. which I knew I would.
Let me guess. step eight?
The willingness to make amends
to the people we've wronged.
It's the orange juice.
you don't even have
the wine list on the table.
and the elastic band on your wrist.
You snap it to break the thought cycle.
You should be a detective.
People have said that.
You're drinking water.
Step one.
Wow.
A baby.
Still stumbling through
the wreckage. yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah. it's shocking just
how much I was able to ruin.
Have you got anyone looking after you?
Give me a sec.
I have to take this.
I should go.
Look. I don't know how long
I'm going to be here for. so...
Make it interesting.
Jim bergerac.
Right. the victim is Tony sallinger. 64.
It was his wedding.
He was found dead in his
hotel room by his sister. Ruth.
Single stab wound to the chest.
We're putting time of death
somewhere between 7:45pm and 8:30pm.
We all know Ian monkford.
from the drug squad.
Ian was a guest at the
wedding. he knew the victim.
so I've asked him to give us
a breakdown of the principles.
Yeah. right.
Hello. everyone. Barney. again.
Thanks for the intel on
the contaminated batch.
No worries. fella. That's
just right place. right time.
Pivotal shit. mate. Guys.
go for a drink sometime.
Yeah. sorry.
It was Tony's wedding.
He married Monica. Monica bar ton.
Then there's Ruth. Tony's sister.
She and Tony own a
pharmaceutical company together.
Monica has a son
from her first marriage.
There's a daughter - she didn't come.
I've not met her... Not sure who has.
Did anything out of the ordinary
happen today? Any fights?
I mean. it was a wedding.
Well. he... He fell in the swimming pool.
Tony did? A waiter saved him.
Everybody thought it was
really funny. to be honest. Ok.
Weird.
Thanks. Ian.
Well... Ian.
See you later... Cheers. mate. Cheers.
Anybody else think it's very convenient
this guy gets murdered
hours after he gets married?
Tell you why - because as soon
as he signs that marriage certificate.
the wife. or the widow
now. she gets everything.
Yeah. I mean. let's keep our minds open.
but. yeah. I mean. potentially
massively convenient.
Take a look at the company
for any litigations. scandals.
Simon. call the station. get the
incident room up and running.
And someone find this waiter
that pulled Tony from the pool.
Yeah. Thank you.
Hey.
It's your thing tomorrow. isn't it? Yep.
How are you feeling? Yeah.
I'm looking forward to it. actually.
Well. good luck.
Yeah. good luck.
All right. don't go on about it. Christ!
Why were there so few guests here?
The call came in about
8:55pm. but the manager said
that pretty much everyone had
gone except for you and the family.
Well. after Tony's speech.
everything went a bit...
I think he was still rattled
after falling in the pool
and he started to say things.
What things? He talked about secrets.
"No more secrets". he said.
I'm sure somebody's filmed it.
And then him and the family
went upstairs to his room
and everybody was
like. "what happens now?"
And so they all just went.
Ok.
I'll get Simon to take your
statement. then go home.
No. Jim. I want to help.
What? No. That's not possible.
There's yours and Tony's connection.
plus you were at the wedding.
so. strictly speaking. you're a witness.
and. well. you know. I'm
sure your team can't spare you.
No. no. it's dead quiet after
we sorted that bad batch.
No. please...
He was my mate.
I need to know where you were
between 7:45pm and 8:30pm.
Don't give me that
look. You'd do the same.
I said - I was outside the hotel
entrance. It'll be on the cctv.
- Ok. once we've checked that.
- Once we've checked that...
You can start by going
through every photo.
every piece of phone footage from
the guests. including this speech.
Right. Thank you.
If all our secrets came out.
our lives would be ruined.
Like they protect us. Well. they don't.
Secrets ruin us.
They imprison us. they stop us
from being who we could be.
and I can't live like that anymore.
So. from now on...
No more secrets.
James?
Charlie. Good.
You can carry this.
We heard your name on the
news. The girls want to grill you.
Who did it? Who are your
suspects? We won't breathe a word.
Well. it's far too early to say.
You should look at who
benefits from his death.
Right. We hadn't thought of that.
And anyone who didn't like him.
Wow. this is... Has anyone got a pen?
Ignore him.
He's just being clever.
If you're not going to amuse us.
just collect your daughter and
make your way to the nearest exit.
Was there something
else? You're loitering.
No. Just...
All on your own. are you?
Apart from Kim. Why?
No reason.
Who's for coffee?
Yes.
Nigel. this is ridiculous.
Jim. hello. Sorry. I didn't
realise the door was open.
Charlie likes me to keep it closed.
It's been four months.
She needs to come out about you.
I... I'll talk to her.
No. sorry. you should talk to her.
It's fine. Jim. Really.
She has a standing here.
Her boyfriends tend to be filthy
rich and drive bentleys and so on.
then along comes me
with my little Honda civic.
She makes me park it in the woods!
Remarkable woman.
Besides. I've got heaps
to be getting on with.
Look. mood boards.
They did a thing on
them on loose women.
They're for the restaurant.
I'm thinking traditional Italian bistro
but with a dash of irony.
because we're all grown-ups.
Well. these look great. Nigel.
Hope. Jim.
We're sunk without it.
Hey. Good to go?
So. tell me. how was last night?
Well. someone got murdered. so...
Before that. idiot. Before that was...
Yeah. it was a lot of fun.
Brilliant.
You mean with Daisy? No. that
was awful. We hated each other.
You said it was a lot of fun. I
meant afterwards. The murder?
Between...
Doesn't matter.
So. who's next on the list?
The vet? Can we just...?
Look... there's no hurry.
I leave in six... My god. five days.
You need someone. not to look after you.
just to make an effort for.
or you'll eat toast and wear
the same shirt for a week.
My timetable came through.
I've still got to write essays and
read books. Can you believe it?
Did you think you'd be playing
your violin for two years?
That's what they were doing in
the pictures in the prospectus.
Five days.
How are you feeling?
Really excited. Yeah?
What about you?
Can't wait to see the back of you.
Kim?
Come and say goodbye to the girls.
They want to give you some money.
Just run a brush through your hair.
Can I come down now?
I'm getting a bit hungry.
Nearly. darling.
Charlie. it's time you
told people about Nigel.
You have him hiding in a
bedroom. There are books.
I always leave the
window open. just a little.
It's fine. Jim. Honestly.
No. dad's right.
Nigel's ace. You should show him off.
Millie faversham...
Her husband's just been
arrested for insider trading.
Certain people. who may or
may not currently be in the garden.
have responded less than charitably.
and Nigel is delicate.
I don't want him exposed
to their... Scrutiny.
Always thinking of someone else.
Textbook Charlie.
It is definitely a challenging
role but that is what interests me.
I'd like to use all the
experience I've accrued at cid
to meet that challenge.
and I think that experience
means that I can offer
almost as much as I can learn.
Speaking of using expertise. I
hear congratulations are in order.
Thanks to a lead di Crozier
shared with the drug squad.
a contaminated batch of
heroin that had already claimed -
- two lives?
- Was taken out of circulation.
Well - and thank you -
that is kind of my point. I think
that there can be a tendency for
people to hoard intelligence.
everyone protecting
their own little fiefdom.
What I'd like to do. I'd like to encourage
more dialogue between departments.
Well. you have a lot of
fans in the drug squad.
I'm sure if it were up to them.
the job would be yours already.
But it isn't.
Tim. I believe you have a question.
Michael bar ton?
Dci Jim bergerac. I just want to say...
The police took a suit I
was wearing. It's hired.
Who's going to pay for that?
I'll see what I can do.
"See what I can do."
Mother... Mrs sallinger.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
I'm dci Jim bergerac. I'm going
to be leading the investigation.
I know you've already given a statement.
I just have a couple
more questions. Now?!
Look at the state of her.
It's all right. Michael.
Is it ok if my children stay?
Of course. yeah. If that's...
I'm sorry. your children?
My daughter's here.
She came back to me.
Darling. this is dci bergerac.
Is it indeed?
We know that Tony fell in the pool...
And we are talking to the
waiter who pulled him out.
I wanted to talk to you about afterwards.
How did Tony seem?
A bit preoccupied. I think
he was quite shaken up.
In his speech he said. "no more secrets".
What do you think he meant by that?
I have no idea.
He walked out and went up to our room.
He said it was a joke. I said. "a joke?".
and he said he had a headache
and he wanted to lie down.
Do you know what he meant?
No. which I would think was the
whole point of secrets. Do you?
I literally never met
the guy. shit for brains.
You seem tense. Shall I fix you a drink?
So. what happened then?
I... I came downstairs.
I think that was... That was
the last time I spoke to him.
And then Ruth found him.
Right.
Yeah. I want to ask you
about Tony's company.
Well. it wasn't his. Ruth founded it.
Tony came onboard later.
He was on a salary.
Even the house came with the job.
Do you know he was going to
retire in three months' time? No.
His life was just beginning.
You said you came to see your mum.
Yeah. see her get married.
Just. unpack the history
a bit for me. would you?
Ok.
Well. they adopted me when I was two.
Me and Monica. we got on.
But we were just on
different frequencies.
And then they conceived
Michael and he got all her attention.
all her energy. but that
was ok cos I had dad.
But 12 years ago. he killed himself.
And later. I said some stuff
and sort of cut myself off
from Monica and Michael.
And then two months ago.
I get an email from Tony.
it says him and Monica
are getting married
and it would mean the world
to her if I came. blah-blah.
At first I was like. "no
way - too much bad blood."
But then... step eight.
Step eight got me on
the plane. Step eight.
But I chickened out and I
went to a restaurant and...
Do you need me to go into that?
No. I think we have that covered.
Your brother is a... A character.
He's a chess grandmaster.
did you know that? No.
But. to be fair. he wasn't
the same after dad died. He...
He... Kind of had a breakdown.
Morning. Morning.
Barney. Is that for me? Yeah.
Ok. everyone. can we...?
Where is Ian?
Can someone find Ian.
please? Yes. boss. Thank you.
Look. I just spoke to Tony's wife. Monica.
"no more secrets".
we are none the wiser.
but Nicola. the estranged
daughter. she has turned up.
She was meant to go to the
wedding but couldn't face it.
And. look. in the spirit
of complete transparency.
I should probably mention I met
her briefly at a restaurant last night.
Yeah. I thought that
would get your attention.
Sorry. you met the victim's
estranged step-daughter
in a restaurant last night?
Yes. At the time. I didn't know that
she was the victim's step-daughter.
At the time. Barney. I didn't
know there was a victim.
So. look. we chatted
for maybe two minutes.
and then this morning at
Monica's. there she was.
How did your interview go?
Don't worry about my interview.
my interview was the stuff of legend.
This thing with the daughter.
is that a conflict of interest?
No. it was a two-minute conversation.
so nothing that would compromise
my handling of the case. Ok.
well. we should still check her out.
What time was your tete-a-tete?
Ok. I was there with someone else...
Someone else? This
is getting complicated.
Do we need a diagram?
..And after that person left.
I chatted with Nicola. so I think
she was there about 8:30pm to 9pm.
Right. that sounds a lot
longer... What restaurant was it?
I'll ask for their cctv just
so we can eliminate her.
Costello's.
Can someone do a background
check on Michael bar ton?
He was volatile. he was argumentative
and the sister said there have
been some mental-health issues.
so let's see if he's appeared
anywhere on our radar.
Kara. where are we with the
murder weapon? It's from the hotel.
The knife they used to cut the cake.
so there are dozens of prints on it.
Shit.
One other thing I learned
from Monica. Tony's company -
it's not Tony's company. it's his sister's.
It's Ruth's. He was just on the payroll.
Even his house was grace and favour.
and he was retiring in three months.
I'm going to go and talk to Ruth now.
Does anybody know what
the company actually does?
So. they're called phamily.
with a 'ph' instead of an 'f'.
Their turnover is
around £8 million a year.
They specialise in organic chemistry.
which combines organic
compounds. so. stuff found in nature.
with commercially-available materials.
Yeah. none the wiser.
What about Tony sallinger? What
should we know? Clean as a whistle.
All I could find was a
car accident 15 years ago.
La route de la trinite.
Ian! You're about to tell me you got cctv
of someone sneaking into Tony's
hotel room with a cake slicer?
No. sorry. but I might
have something else.
There's not much cctv in
the hotel - the bar. reception
and some patches
outside - but... I did find this.
Now. we know the
names of everyone else...
But I have no idea who that is.
See if you can find a
clearer image. Right.
Kara. the waiter who pulled
Tony from the pool? Andrew Todd.
Go and see Andrew Todd.
Yes. boss. Thank you. everyone.
Jim! Richard.
We've not had a chance to connect
since your wife passed. How are you?
Did you get my card? Yeah.
I think I did. yeah. Thank you.
I thought I should check
because you didn't acknowledge it.
I heard about the
murder at hotel Clairmont.
Ooh. sounds like a knotty one.
Well. we've got some interesting lines.
Well. if you need someone to
bounce ideas off. you have my email.
Now. then - Barney Crozier.
your thoughts thereof?
We met him this morning and
while we liked him. we didn't love him.
I suppose what I'm asking
is. does he have the stuff?
Yeah. Well. he's a very able
police officer. Would recommend.
I see I shall have to
handcuff you to a radiator
to get to the truth - bring
out the thumb screws.
No. look. he's a great colleague.
I really enjoy working with him.
And. look. you know.
initiative is crucial in this job
and. when he shows
it. he's very impressive.
Yeah. that's what we thought.
What's what you thought?
Message received and understood.
No. no. what I'm saying... Thanks. Jim.
Prick.
There's not much to tell.
I was walking past the swimming
pool and I saw... what's his name?
Sallinger? Yeah.
He looked like he was in trouble
and there was no-one else around.
so I jumped in and pulled
him out. Then what happened?
Some people came out.
They'd been looking for him.
No. between you pulling
him out and people arriving.
Did you talk at all? What did he say?
I don't know. Thank you?
That's it? You saved his life.
I think he was a bit shaken up.
Anyways. I dried off. got a spare
uniform and finished my shift.
What time did you leave
the hotel? Around 7:30pm.
I got back here 7:45pm.
Can anyone corroborate
that? I live on my own.
How long have you worked at
the hotel? A couple of weeks.
You ever met mr sallinger before?
Never met him before in my life.
Sorry. I need to make a move.
No. sure.
Thank you. Andy.
So he's dead. then. yeah?
Must have really pissed someone off.
It certainly looks that way.
I'll see myself out.
Take a walk with me. Here's good.
I just spoke to Richard
gibbon. he was on your panel.
It was off the record.
I wanted to get a sense of
which way the wind was blowing.
I'm sorry. Barney.
Did they say why?
It was a very brief conversation.
but he said there were a lot of
really strong candidates this year.
And there was a question around
your initiative. What does that mean?
I know what initiative means.
I'm saying. what do they mean?
Like I said. it was very brief.
Look. apply again next year.
a different panel. I'm sure you'll get it.
I smashed it. uma. I promise you.
I know you did.
Just in... in here.
Can we do this another time?
We... actually. I don't
know if I can tell you this.
or are you like priests
and this is all confidential?
It's all strictly need-to-know. Right.
We're about to be
bought out. Well. we were.
By hobarts? You know. the big...
Anyway. they're panicking now. which
you can understand. so I'm having to
reassure them that nothing's
changed and we're still good to go
and then running into the toilets
to cry. I just need two minutes.
Ri... right. Ok.
This was Tony's job.
I oversee the product
and the finances and the...
Well. the... This - the... The networking.
that was him. Sorry.
It's been a day. Yeah. I'm sure.
Actually. there was
something I needed to ask you.
When will my brother's
body be released?
We want to have a funeral at some point.
Well. we need to do a postmortem
but it shouldn't be too long.
Right. Sorry.
It's my daughter.
Tony didn't co-own the company?
He was... he was technically
an employee. right?
Who told you that?
Monica told me that.
Monica? Yeah.
Was she not meant to know?
No. of course... She...
She should know...
I didn't realise Tony had told her.
I mean. that was the whole... what?
Tony had overstated his
position in the company
to Monica to impress her.
but after the buy-out.
he was going to retire.
meaning no more expenses account.
no more paycheque
every month. no house.
I kept saying. "you need to tell Monica".
but he just kept putting it off.
He said he didn't know what her
reaction would be. Understood.
Look. thank you for your time.
Monica didn't say when Tony told her?
No.
Why?
I'm just curious.
I'm glad he did.
It was weighing on his mind.
Secrets do.
I'm sorry.
Sit down.
Look. I... I want you to know
how happy I am that you're here.
I... I can't tell you what it means.
No. I am too.
Because it's... It's
given me a chance to...
That stuff I said a few years
ago... No. it doesn't matter.
No. it does. It does.
I was drinking. I was a mess.
but it was shitty and nasty
and really totally unforgiveable.
It's forgotten.
It's forgiven.
What do you think Tony meant
when he said "no more secrets"?
Well. like I said. I... I don't know.
And how did he die? Maybe
the policeman said and I missed it.
God. I'm sorry.
It's fine. you don't have to talk about it.
Someone stabbed him.
Which is...
Which is awful. because...
You know. I've been thinking about it.
and they would have
had to get so close to him.
because there was no struggle.
so it must have been someone
that he knew. someone that he met...
I have to go. What's wrong?
I'm fine. I just...
You've just got here. I don't understand.
Just... I've got to go.
So she's gone. then.
How remarkably on-brand.
Ha.
Well. every cloud and all that.
So. I...
I guess you have to move back now.
I'll have to think about that. I
don't want you cramping my style.
But I'm sure I'll be able to
squeeze you in somewhere.
Maybe pop you under
the stairs or something.
This has all worked
out rather well for you...
Hasn't it?
Simon. where are we with the
background checks on the guests?
I'm still working through them
but there's no red flags so far.
But you know I told you
about that car accident
Tony was involved in 15 years
ago. the la route de la trinite?
Yeah. I did some more digging and
it turns out that someone was killed.
There was an inquest. he
did a blood test. but it was clear
so there was no further charges.
Who was killed? Sally Mercer.
She was working at the
bar that he was drinking at.
He was giving her a lift.
Christ. How old was she?
20.
Ian!
Excellent work.
Did you know about this?
Tony was involved in
a fatal rta 15 years ago.
Yeah. there was an
inquest. He was cleared.
Yeah. well. it would've been
useful to know that earlier.
Like. 18 hours ago.
I thought I was just doing
cctv and phone camera footage.
Ok. if you think of anything
else from Tony's background
that might be useful. do let us know.
What about the guy in the coat?
You find a better image yet? No.
Can I take a look at that? Yeah. Thanks.
How did you get on with the waiter?
He said Tony fell in the pool
and he pulled him out and that's it.
I just got off the phone with forensics.
They said. off the record.
don't get your hopes up.
It's a hotel room - there could
literally be hundreds of DNA traces.
Holy shit! That colour glass.
I've seen it somewhere before.
It's in Andy's flat. Andy Todd. the waiter.
You think she's a family member?
Well. it's a different
name but he knows her.
"No more secrets".
You weren't completely
honest with us. were you. Andy?
You told my colleague you didn't
know who Tony sallinger was.
She asked if I'd ever met him before.
I said no. which is true.
Who was Sally Mercer?
My sister.
Did you know it was
Tony sallinger's wedding?
We don't get told stuff like that.
I only knew it was him when I
heard his name on the news.
And when you pulled him out of
the pool. you didn't get chatting?
He didn't introduce himself?
My client just said he didn't know
mr sallinger's identity
until the following morning.
Which was before he
spoke to DC molloy.
You didn't think that would
have been a good time to mention
your connection to mr sallinger?
No. cos I knew you'd make it
something it wasn't. Well.
it is something. isn't it?
It's a massive coincidence
that the hotel where you work is
the venue for the wedding
of the man that's connected to
the death of your sister.
And. what. you just so happened
to save him from drowning?
What can I say? Small island.
Ever heard of a company
called drake field security?
Yeah. I used to work for them.
That's right. You were a sales executive.
What were you on there a year?
30.000? 29.
29. not bad.
Why did they sack
you? They didn't. I left.
Sorry. I assumed that they
sacked you because. straight away.
you started work at a hotel
where your salary was 15.000.
Why would you leave a well-paid
job with prospects to become a waiter?
Let's say that we get a warrant
and we go through your phone.
how many searches in recent
years will we find for Tony sallinger?
Here's what I think happened. Andy.
You'd been low-grade
stalking Tony for years.
And then suddenly. he's
getting married. and that hurts.
You know. accident or not.
he was driving the car
when your sister died.
And look at him now.
not a care in the world.
And so you have to do something.
so you get a job at the
hotel. finally. the day comes.
there he is.
Come on. Andy...
What did you do?
Do you have kids?
If they were killed.
think about what that would do to you.
My mum died in 2020. She was 49.
That's what grief does.
That's what he did to us.
But I didn't kill him.
I mean. I literally saved
his life. As cover stories go.
that is quite good. Well
done. Come on. really?
Why would you orchestrate this
meeting? So I could shout at him.
Just make him listen.
Honestly. I don't know. maybe
I was going to beat him up.
I thought... I thought he'd recognise me.
That he must be stalking me
too. He's stalking my family.
He must be.
You know. I served him a
drink at one point and I thought.
as soon as he sees my
face. he'll say something.
Nothing.
Not a flicker.
And then he wandered off.
and then. when I found him.
he was in the pool. and for a
second. I thought. "leave him".
And if I could get that
moment again. I would.
and I'd watch him drown.
I'd take popcorn.
Sally wouldn't want me to do that.
She'd want me to do what I did.
What did you say to Tony?
I said. "you don't know
who I am. do you?"
I said. "you killed my sister".
What did he say? I don't
know. he was pretty shocked.
Anyway. I didn't want to
be around him anymore.
I didn't want to look at him.
So I got out of the pool.
put on a dry uniform.
finished my shift and went home.
No-one can corroborate that. Andy.
Do you see the problem we're having?
I went back to the site
where my sister died.
La route de la trinite.
Are you sure about that?
Because there will be cctv there
and on a dozen roads
and streets on the way.
I'm wearing a jacket with
white stripes down the arms.
I walk along the rue des cotils.
That should save you some time.
Thank you. mr Todd. We'll be in touch.
Don't flee to Mexico.
Just before mum died. she
spoke about the accident.
Andy. we shouldn't do this here.
You know there was a witness
that said sallinger was drunk?
Like. off-his-face drunk. The
witness must have misremembered.
Tony took a blood test and it was
clear. So maybe Tony had help.
Help? How? The blood test
would've been supervised
by whichever police officer
took him to the hospital. Exactly.
And that's why I didn't tell you.
Do you think we'll find him on
cctv? Yeah. he didn't kill Tony.
What about the other stuff?
That. I'm less inclined to believe.
He's just trying to make
sense of his horrific loss.
God knows. I can understand that. Yeah.
But let's check who the attending
officer was. just so we know.
Are you worried it was
you? Ha! Very funny.
I don't care what everyone else says.
I forgot to ask. did you
hear back about the job?
It went in a different direction.
Sorry. Barney. that's... Shit.
Did they give a reason? Well. well. well.
Guess who the attending
officer was. literally the first person
on the scene? It was Ian. wasn't it?
Richard gibbon.
He took Tony to the
hospital to get the blood test.
The blood test that basically
exonerated him. Exactly that.
Someone to see you. boss.
I've put them in the family room.
What? Why have you
done that? You'll see.
Nicola.
I think I know who killed Tony.
I think it was my mum.
It was Monica.
What makes you say that?
Because. 12 years
ago. she killed my father.
Subtitles by red bee media